1. Build - A software build is a set of executable code that is ready for use by customers. 
Build" refers to a version or a specific instance of a software application. 
The term "build" is commonly used to describe the compiled code of the software at a particular point in time.

2. Project - A project is a combination of set objectives to be accomplished within a fixed period. 
A project is well-defined task, which is a collection of several operations done in order to achieve a goal (for example, software development and delivery). 

3. Version - Software version numbers indicate changes in a software product.
As developers update and improve products, there are often several versions of the product available for end users. 

4. Deployment - Software deployment is the process of making software available to be used on a system by users and other programs
It involves installing, configuring, and testing a software application to prepare it for operating in a specific environment.

5. Beta - Beta testing is an opportunity for real users to use a product in a production environment to uncover any bugs or issues before a general release. 
Beta testing is the final round of testing before releasing a product to a wide audience.

6. Refactor - It is a technique used by software developers to enhance the design, structure, and/or implementation of the software (its non-functional attributes) while maintaining its functionality. 
For example, renaming methods to make their purpose more explicit and easier to comprehend

7. Walkthrough - A thorough explanation (explained through a demo) of each step in a procedure or a process.
Walkthrough in software testing is used to review documents with peers, managers, and fellow team members who are guided by the author of the document to gather feedback and reach a consensus

8.BRS - Buisnees Requirement Specification 
BRS is aimed to show how to meet the business requirements on a broader level.

9. LLD - Low Level Design 
the low level design basically contains a detailed description of every module.
The LLD describes every module in detail by including the actual logic of every component in the system.

10. CRS - Customer Requirement Specification 
CRS is a document which consists of requirements of customer in their words only

11. RAD - Rapid Application Development Model 
Rapid Application Development or RAD means an adaptive software development model based on prototyping and quick feedback with less emphasis on specific planning.
In general, the RAD approach prioritizes development and building a prototype, rather than planning.

12. Prototype - 
A prototype is an early sample, model, or release of a product built to test a concept or process. 
It is a term used in a variety of contexts, including semantics, design, electronics, and software programming. 
A prototype is generally used to evaluate a new design to enhance precision by system analysts and users.
